[Intro]
The graphic design program was a learning experience for me.
I really learnt a lot and I took a lot from the program, which makes me feel like I have a lot to offer to the world.
[What inspired you to pursue graphic design?]
What inspired me to pursue a career in graphic design is my interest in art.
As an artist, I'm always looking for ways to show art or a different medium to show art. So I decided to look into the graphic design program.
[What was your favourite class in the graphic design program?]
One of my favourite class is motion graphic. I really enjoyed motion graphics.
I learnt a lot cause it was something new so there was a lot of learning and most importantly, it was fun.
I had so much fun, and I was having fun and learning at the same time.
[What influences your work as a designer?]
I say what influences me the most is creativity.
Creativity makes me look at things or think about a problem from a whole different point of view
and makes me see, try to see how I can solve a problem, you know, from a from a different point of view.
[What other passions and hobbies do you have aside from graphic design?]
Apart from being a graphic designer, I am also a painter. I would say I am an abstract and expressive painter.
[What designers, brands or websites do you admire?]
My favorite painters are, no other than Salvador Dali and Picasso.
[Outro]